So here's the project java file they defined inside the package electricity.
As same as that we have imported the necessary packages of AWP and swing class.
Then we have created the class project, which is extending the frame and implementing the actual listener
X listener.
Then we have initialize a string type of instance named as Mita, created the constructor by passing
the meter and the person is string named as person, so that will be electricity billing system as the
heading.
Now this load meter is equals to meter.
So this the current instance of meter is assigned to the past instance of meter.
This will be passed to the meter instance of a string type whenever the project will be called by the
other Java classes setting the size of the window.
Now this portion is for the adding image.
First of all, we have initialize the image icon.
Then we will create.
We have created the image icon with the desired size and the scale and stance.
Then we will have image icon.
Another image icon, adding that image icon to the label.
And then we have added that label to the frame.
Now this is the first column that is a menu bar.
So it is a menu bar of the window.
So our frame contains menu bar as well.
So this will be initializing the menu.
After that, there is a menu named Master.
Its name is Master and we have initialize the menu here.
Now menu item.
There are four items for the new customer.
Customer details.
Deposit details.
Calculate build.
We have initialized one by one as and one and two and three and four.
Setting the foreground color for the master as dot blue.
So the menu color will be as dark blue.
Blue color will be off the menu.
Now this portion is for the customer detail.
So first set the font of the customer detail and then if you have inserted an image again setting the
scale instance of the image, setting the icon by using the image on the MX one button.
It is a sorry menu item and one is a menu item and setting that image to the menu item, then setting
the menu on make of the menu item and accelerator keystroke, which is used whenever we press that to
the menu item.
So it will perform key event on the action event control mask as these are the methods and attributes
for the get keystroke method.
And then we have said that the menu item color is white background.
This is for the meta retail.
Similarly, as we have did in customer detail, this is the major detail for setting the font image
icon creating.
It's a scaled instance.
Adding that image icon to the menu item and setting its metronomic and setting is accelerator accelerator
as getting keystrokes which will handle the key events and setting as back as white.
Similarly, for the deposit details, we have did the same thing and.
After that we have static for the fourth one fourth menu item using the icon image and similarly added
the background color as white.
Now we have added all the four menu items, adds add action listener as they will perform any event.
So that's why we have added the action listener and pass the current object.
Second column will contain another menu.
Named as information and menu item will be informal and info to so information on the basis of you have
designed informal info to first is updated information.
The second information now we have setting the foreground color for the info is as read.
So it will be shown in red color.
Now here the table.
Similarly, as we have did for the previous setting the image.
Adding that image to the menu item and for the key stroke.
Handling the key events and background color for similarly for the last build method adding both to
the add action listeners so that they can perform event and another venue is user menu.
The two items are table and build details, setting the foreground color as read the resolution in red
also.
Similarly for the people, we have said all the things for the last will we have do all the things and
I did that to the menu item, adding both to the add action listener.
Now for the third column, there is a report.
Menu which will have a single menu item generate bill.
Its colour is blue.
And then this.
For this report we have or do the same thing, adding an image and keystroke and getting the background
colour as white and then adding the image listener to the actual menu item.
Now we have a menu named utility.
Inside the utility we have three choices, three menu items as notepad, calculator and web browser.
It's the colour is as red and here's the calendar.
Uh.
So this is a menu image, scale and stance.
It's a new image icon and similarly background color as well.
Similarly, for the calculator as the image icon and everything we have added.
And similarly for the web browser, we also have performed adding the image listener to all the menu
items off a utility menu.
Now we have X starts at font.
We are setting for the exit button.
I can afford that.
And little keystroke and adding dimension to that button.
Now we have added and one and two and three and four to the master menu.
And added info and info to the info menu added when you treat the user menu.
Added R one in the report menu and added duty.
You want to add three in the utility menu and exit button x x to the exit menu.
Now if person is goes to admin now if the person is equals to admin so it will add master to the menu,
we will add a master to the menu other end.
Otherwise if the customer then we will add info, user and report and utility and exit will be common
for both.
Then we have set the menu bar.
So this will set the complete menu font for the menu and its layout is flow layout and its visibility
settings for default.
Then there is action performed method which we have described here.
A string message will get the message from the action.
If the message equals customer detail, it will call the customer detail class.
If the message is a new customer, it will call new customer class similarly for calculate bill payable.
If it is not paid, then it will execute the notepad z file.
I.
If I don't able to execute then it will catch the exception.
Similarly for the calculator, I will open the calculator like z file.
Similarly for the web browser as well.
Now for logout, it will set the visibility of the current window as false and call the login class
for the generate.
But it will call the generate build class and set this visibility as true for the deposit.
But it will call the deposit will detail deposit details similarly for the web information, update
information and build details and at the main function we have created it.
Instance, new project and setting is visibility.
Current window is true.
Now we will move to the new customer java file.
So here is the package.
Electricity inside again importing the similarly package for swimming and JWT and SQL.
Now new customer will have extending the frame and implementing Excel.
There is the global instance.
Labels are.
There is L1, L2, L, three and four and five, six, seven, eight and 11 and text 22, 33, three,
45, 67 and G button be one and no new customer.
It is a constructor setting the location for the window, its size initializing panel, setting its
layout, background color white and setting its background color as new color that is not title label
providing as new customer setting the bound, setting its font type family and its size.
Adding that title to the panel.
There is the new label as customer name setting.
It's bound.
Now it's text field setting the bound, adding that to the panel, adding the text field to the panel.
First, adding a label to the panels, then adding text to the panel.
Similarly, for the meter number first and creating bound for the meter number, initializing the label
bounding for the label, adding the label and it's adding the meter number and its label respectively
for the address.
Similarly, we have date label and text field for the city label and text field for the state label
and text field for the email label and text field for the phone number label and text field similarly
and for the button here is the next button and setting the bound for the button.
Then there is a cancel button, setting the button for the cancel button, setting the background of
buttons black and white and background foreground button for B1 and B2, adding that button to the panels,
setting the layout as border layout and adding the P equals to center.
So panel will be at the center now image icon that will be image icon setting in the label l eight as
and it will be set as best.
So the image will be shown at the West Side, get content and setting background.
A lot of the whole window has by adding the event listener to the both buttons.
We went in B and a new random long first is first.
It is a long type of variable and it is next long.
This is done to generate a random number.
So here it will execute the value of the first dot using dot dot epsilon.
So it will set the text of the meter number as fixed, which is generated by the random using random
class as a random number.
Now here is an action performed.
If a dot get so close to one, if the B1 event is occurred, then we will fetch text from the t one.
Its meter number, its meter number, its address, its state setting email and phone number.
Then we'll execute the Cuban query by providing all the details, name, meter, address, city, state,
email and phone number and the Q to query insert into login values and also inserting into the login
values meter and the respective details.
Now inside the try, we have initialized the connection executing the Cuban and category.
So we have to add the customer well in the customer table as well as in the login table.
So after the adding in the login table, customer will have to sign up and set as password.
Then he will be able to login into the our project and billing system.
So this will show our dialog box as customer details added successfully.
Setting the visibility of this will be false and this will print show the visibility of meter info class
as true.
Now this catch block will be and link the exception.
If the button will be B2, then this will simply close the current file here.
The main function we have defined the new customer set visibility as true.
So this is all about this in file.
So let me show you the run.
How it looked like when it run projects.
It will look like this in the information part, you will have those user part report utility and log
out.
So this is the electricity billing system and new customer part.
When we will run this new customer file, it will look like this.
So this will be added by the admin.
So when we run this complete project in our last video, we will know about how this things will be
working relatively so.
These are all the two files we have.
Understand this video.